something epic happened this week it's
bringing people together Pokemon go so
here's the thing guys start orange and
red but there's a ton of different
experience levels here Brandon on his
scooter Sam what word is this this is a
metro more Metro board in my business it
is a board that has a range of 40 miles
Wow words have a range of like seven
miles we're gonna catch them all on our
board
solar is out of focus stop where you can
for 30 minutes all these Pokemon come
cheese
are you playing Pokemon you do can you
do that kick turn again that was fresh
gotcha
Oh Scyther Scyther 376 Wow
guess where we are right now my mind is
being blown my childhood relived this is
the pond from Stuart Little
so this is where the electronic votes
are right but in Stuart little right in
the climactic sequence they like go
under a bridge right and they oh yeah so
they combined this pond with the main
boat pond but it's okay it's so cool
listen is your childhood is a lie no
good end to a crazy crazy day it turned
into like a Pokemon go adventure into
what does it call it something hinge
Manhattan hinge and the sunset with you
beautiful beautiful until the next video
guys stay peachy you guys Rock okay bye
what I am shooting on for this event is
sony a7s mark 2
you managed to tip